add initial readme for troubleshooting CI integration tests failures (#446)
yast/d-installer: playwright/README.md

## Troubleshooting Failed Integration Tests in CI

### Single Test Failure

There are stored artifacts in the GitHub CI. Go to the failed job and there is
a link "Summary". At the bottom of the page there is "Artifacts" section which
contains the `y2log` and also `trace.zip` file. The trace can be browsed using

> the playwright too locally or at page https://trace.playwright.dev/ to get

Reviewer: tool?

Author: probably. @lslezak you add it. So if you can confirm it

details of the failure.

> ### Stuck at DBus Loading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Stuck at D-Bus Loading
```

> It usually indicates an issue with the DInstaller DBus services. There is a step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It usually indicates an issue with the D-Installer D-Bus services. There is a step
```
